update clickhouse integration docs (#3676)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/python/integrations/embeddings/databricks.mdx

The serving endpoint `DatabricksEmbeddings` wraps must have OpenAI-compatible embedding input/output format ([reference](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/llms/deployments/index.html#embeddings)). As long as the input format is compatible, `DatabricksEmbeddings` can be used for any endpoint type hosted on [Databricks Model Serving](https://docs.databricks.com/en/machine-learning/model-serving/index.html):

> 1. Foundation models - A curated set of common embedding models such as BAAI General Embedding (BGE). These endpoints are ready to use in your Databricks workspace without any setup.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Foundation Models - Curated list of state-of-the-art foundation models such as BAAI General Embedding (BGE). These endpoint are ready to use in your Databricks workspace without any set up.
```
